README.md, before:

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
# Module 11 Challenge: Note Taker by Sangki Jun

## Description
This is the completed module 11 challenge from the UCF FSF Bootcamp. The purpose of this assignment was for the creator to practice using express for the first time to store data and run APIs. This repository was based on a starter-code given by the bootcamp and completed with specific instructions from the program. The site has a note taking functionality where multiple notes can be stored and deleted.

## Table of Contents
1. [Installations](#installations)
2. [Usage](#usage)
3. [Contributing](#contributing)
4. [Tests](#tests)
5. [License](#license)
6. [Questions](#questions)

## Installations
N/A

## Usage
Title your notes, take whatever notes you desire, and save using the save button. Delete any unwanted notes using the delete button.

## Contributing
If you have any good ideas or changes you want to share, you can create a pull request or add issues to the repository. You can also contact me using the information in the [Questions](#questions) section.<br />
To create a pull request:
1. Clone the repository to your local environment using the `git clone SSH-key` command.
2. Create a branch using `git checkout -b branch-name`.
3. Add the changes using `git add -A`.
4. Commit the changes using `git commit -m "message here"`.
5. Push the changes using `git push origin branch-name`.
6. Create a pull request on GitHub.

## Tests
N/A

## Credits
Jake Walker<br />
Github: [jcw2865](https://github.com/JamesLJenks)<br />
Repository: [Express-Note-Taker](https://github.com/jcw2865/Express-Note-Taker)<br />
This repository helped me in structuring my own codes for the files inside the routes folder and the server.js file. 

## License
This project is licensed under:<br />
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)<br />
&copy; all rights reserved by [sangki810](https://github.com/sangki810)

## Questions
If you have any questions regarding this project, reach out to me via:
* GitHub: [sangki810](https://github.com/sangki810)
* E-mail: [sangki810@gmail.com](mailto:sangki810@gmail.com)

Commit message:

adde screenshot and link to readme

README.md, after:

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
# Module 11 Challenge: Note Taker by Sangki Jun

## Description
This is the completed module 11 challenge from the UCF FSF Bootcamp. The purpose of this assignment was for the creator to practice using express for the first time to store data and run APIs. This repository was based on a starter-code given by the bootcamp and completed with specific instructions from the program. The site has a note taking functionality where multiple notes can be stored and deleted.

## Table of Contents
1. [Installations](#installations)
2. [Usage](#usage)
3. [Contributing](#contributing)
4. [Tests](#tests)
5. [License](#license)
6. [Questions](#questions)

## Installations
N/A

## Usage
Title your notes, take whatever notes you desire, and save using the save button. Delete any unwanted notes using the delete button. You can visit the site using this link: [Note Taker](https://note-taker-by-sangki-jun.herokuapp.com/)

## Screenshot
![](./public/assets/images/note%20taker.jpg)

## Contributing
If you have any good ideas or changes you want to share, you can create a pull request or add issues to the repository. You can also contact me using the information in the [Questions](#questions) section.<br />
To create a pull request:
1. Clone the repository to your local environment using the `git clone SSH-key` command.
2. Create a branch using `git checkout -b branch-name`.
3. Add the changes using `git add -A`.
4. Commit the changes using `git commit -m "message here"`.
5. Push the changes using `git push origin branch-name`.
6. Create a pull request on GitHub.

## Tests
N/A

## Credits
Jake Walker<br />
Github: [jcw2865](https://github.com/JamesLJenks)<br />
Repository: [Express-Note-Taker](https://github.com/jcw2865/Express-Note-Taker)<br />
This repository helped me in structuring my own codes for the files inside the routes folder and the server.js file. 

## License
This project is licensed under:<br />
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)<br />
&copy; all rights reserved by [sangki810](https://github.com/sangki810)

## Questions
If you have any questions regarding this project, reach out to me via:
* GitHub: [sangki810](https://github.com/sangki810)
* E-mail: [sangki810@gmail.com](mailto:sangki810@gmail.com)
